Nightmarket phad Thai goong (phad Thai with prawns)
Serves 2

Ingredients
Phad Thai sauce:
150ml tamarind water (break off 225g of tamarind pulp, immerse in warm water and leave until soft. Squeeze and work the pulp through a sieve. Make tamarind water quite thick and dilute if needed.
3-4 tbsp palm sugar (heat up in the microwave on low heat until melted)
3-4 tbsp Thai fish sauce
40g Thai rice noodles (if possible 3mm "Sen Chan" rice noodles of particular type and texture from Chantaburi province)
10 large size prawns, head off, skin off, tails on
50g firm yellow tofu, cut into small rectangular shapes
Generous helping of vegetable oil
2-4 duck eggs (may be substituted with free range chicken eggs)
4 banana shallots, finely chopped
50g dried shrimp, soaked in water for 30 minutes, rinsed and dried, optional
Handful of bean sprouts
Handful of Chinese chives or spring onion, chopped into 2 inches stems
To serve: lime wedges, crushed roasted peanuts, roasted chilli powder, fresh red chilli, coriander, bean sprouts to top
Method
1. For the phad Thai sauce, mix all the ingredients in a small pot and bring it to the boil, then leave it to cool down.
2. Soak the noodles in water for two hours, until soft, and then drain them.
3. Heat the oil in a wok on high heat and stir fry the prawns until almost cooked, put aside.
4. Add more oil and stir fry the tofu until it turns a darker colour, put aside.
5. On medium heat fry the shallots until fragrant and starting to caramelise.
6. Add the noodles and stir fry for two minutes. Push to one side of the wok.
7. Turn the heat to high then crack the eggs in the middle of the wok, break the yolk, leave for a few moments, then flip the noodles on the top of the eggs. Leave for a few minutes to cook, flip on the other side and stir a few times.
8. Add prawns, tofu and Phad Thai sauce and simmer until it is absorbed, adding more oil and sauce if necessary. Please note this dish must be moist, not dry.
9. Add the soaked dried shrimps, bean sprouts and Chinese chives or spring onions and stir-fry for a few more minutes.
10. Divide between two plates and serve with more bean sprouts, crushed roasted peanuts, lime wedges and roasted chilli powder on the side of the plates. Also may be served with banana blossom and chopped green mango on the side.

